Go Won: We're wearing white and...
Olivia Hye: (English) Black & White
Go Won: Black & White...
Go Won: You look elegant~
Go Won: It's the first time we've done photo shooting together!
Olivia Hye: My heart is pounding...
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)"
Olivia Hye: It's fun~
Olivia Hye: But it's difficult for me.
Olivia Hye: I'm sure that the photographer takes pretty pictures of me...!
Olivia Hye: However, I don't know it will come out well..
Olivia Hye: Because of my awkward facial expression...
Olivia Hye: I'm getting used to speaking in here but...
Olivia Hye: When I'm standing in front of the photographer's camera
Olivia Hye: My mouth starts malfunctioning...
(OIlivia Hye is doing her best!)
Go Won: Hey~
Go Won: I'm already done with two clohtes!
Go Won: This clothes is like... bbong bbong bbong bbong!
Go Won: And the shoulder is like drrrr~
Go Won: I really love it!